hello everyone today we are cooking soup
preparing is not very easy for this
Of course, we need a sour
cabbage
here about one and a half do not press me
I cook on a small saucepan here
she's a saucepan
so here threw a chicken breast with
bone with skin and we will catch with you
bad broth so stew on about
minutes 20 chicken that's 10 minutes before
readiness we throw here boil
potatoes and cabbage on originally us
I need to soak the cabbage I take pour
some water soak then we will be with you
wash we wash this whole acid
let's merge so well let's put with you
cook for now our place further
continue all myaskom and talk with you
set we need to salt it more precisely
broth for starters i'll add about half
tablespoons salt
and then we will taste them
Try now we will cut it bye
that our potato is a big glass I
I'll cut the potatoes like this
such are the pieces
all folding a glass and then I take it
I see that he is not dark with us though
forget the bill also shoot the foam when
will cook
broth broth on boil I turn off
on top three and cook 20 minutes for ten
minutes before cooking as I told you
throws cabbage and potatoes window all
time has passed about 15 minutes
I think that the meat is ready especially
breast to weld very quickly let's
This all affairs we will remove with you breast
and put the fire on
a maximum of six
because we are going to throw you here
potatoes and to start so now
throw potatoes here and throws
here the cabbage is all waiting when it boils
how do we boil down again
somewhere in twos
and we will cook until ready as
the potatoes are cooked it means everything is ready
turn off and give the table a lion
how to know the potatoes are ready or not we are with
you take a spoonful of legs we catch potatoes
and we pierce if it’s like 3d
then not ready if gently means
ready principle and that's it for me
finish my video get ready and
write your comments to me all bye